docs/readme.md, before:

**| [Overview](#overview) | [Download](#download) | [License](#license) | [Contact](#contact) |**

# ENSEMBLE Launch 

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-VISSIM-blue) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-SymuVia-green) 

![](img/logo.png)

## Overview 

ENSEMBLE is an effort to pave the way to multibrand truck platooning. The objective of this repository is to provide a simple way to *launch* and *execute* simulations in different platforms. 

A model develeopment platform for the Drivermodel which is used within the Eurpean project of Ensemble


Here we describe how we think the structure of the joint algorithm should be. The two simulators are called and started separately and they both perform different tasks.  Each should be capable of sending and retrieving network and status data. Some Tasks are simulator dependent(e.g. retrieving data) while others are simulator independent(l e.g oop through all vehicles)


## Download

In order to install run in your command line tool:

```
git clone https://ci.tno.nl/gitlab/paco.hamers-tno/ensemble_drivermodel.git
```
Or obtain direct download [here](https://ci.tno.nl/gitlab/paco.hamers-tno/ensemble_drivermodel/-/archive/master/ensemble_drivermodel-master.zip). 


## Install 

**Developer environment**

Be sure to obtain `python` and `pip`.  This repository as a standard python package with support for CLI interfacing to improve the interaction. 
You can try and test functionalities by installing the package in testing mode.

```
cd ensemble_driver_model 
pip install -r requirements_dev.txt 
pip install --editable . 
```
**Note:** Be sure to be in the folder before launching the `pip` instruction 

## Usage 

In order to use this tool 

```
ensemble launch scenario -f path/to/simulation_scenario.[inpx/layx/xml] -p path/to_platform/
```
## Documentation 

Documentation is available in the `docs` folder. In order to construct the documentation 

```
cd docs
make html 
```

## License 

The code here contained is licensed under **TBD**

## Contact 

If you run into problems or bugs, please let us know by [creating an issue](https://ci.tno.nl/gitlab/paco.hamers-tno/ensemble_drivermodel/issues/new) an issue in this repository.

## Credits 

This package was created with [`Cookiecutter`](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter) and the [`audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage`](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage) project template.

Commit message:

:sparkles: Adding configurator
There is now a configurator file on the command line interface to store some default values relevant at the moment of runtime

docs/readme.md, after:

**| [Overview](#overview) | [Download](#download) | [License](#license) | [Contact](#contact) |**

# ENSEMBLE Launch 

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-VISSIM-blue) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-SymuVia-green) 

![](img/logo.png)

## Overview 

ENSEMBLE is an effort to pave the way to multibrand truck platooning. The objective of this repository is to provide a simple way to *launch* and *execute* simulations in different platforms. 

A model develeopment platform for the Drivermodel which is used within the Eurpean project of Ensemble


Here we describe how we think the structure of the joint algorithm should be. The two simulators are called and started separately and they both perform different tasks.  Each should be capable of sending and retrieving network and status data. Some Tasks are simulator dependent(e.g. retrieving data) while others are simulator independent(l e.g oop through all vehicles)


## Download

In order to install run in your command line tool:

```
git clone https://ci.tno.nl/gitlab/paco.hamers-tno/ensemble_drivermodel.git
```
Or obtain direct download [here](https://ci.tno.nl/gitlab/paco.hamers-tno/ensemble_drivermodel/-/archive/master/ensemble_drivermodel-master.zip). 


## Install 

**Developer environment**

Be sure to obtain `python` and `pip`.  This repository as a standard python package with support for CLI interfacing to improve the interaction. 
You can try and test functionalities by installing the package in testing mode.

```
cd ensemble_driver_model 
pip install -r requirements_dev.txt 
pip install --editable . 
```
**Note:** Be sure to be in the folder before launching the `pip` instruction 

## Basic usage 

In order to use this tool, first check the help options via:

```
ensemble --help
```

Which should print the available options 

```
❯ ensemble --help
Usage: ensemble [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

  Scenario launcher for ENSEMBLE simulations

Options:
  --verbose
  --platform TEXT  'symuvia' or 'vissim'
  --help           Show this message and exit.

Commands:
  check   Diagnoses files consistancy and simulator availability
  launch  Launches an escenario for a specific platform
```

Check possible options by typing `ensemble launch` or `ensemble check`. Execute an scenario via 

```
ensemble launch -s file_scenario.inpx -s file_layout.layx -l C:\my\path\to\vissim
```

## Documentation 

Documentation is available in the `docs` folder. In order to construct the documentation 

```
make docs 
```

## License 

The code here contained is licensed under **TBD**

## Contact 

If you run into problems or bugs, please let us know by [creating an issue](https://ci.tno.nl/gitlab/paco.hamers-tno/ensemble_drivermodel/issues/new) an issue in this repository.

## Credits 

This package was created with [`Cookiecutter`](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter) and the [`audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage`](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage) project template.
